feat(curriculum): add Block 12 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59112)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-express-concerns/67cb2c0f22536e577262cdcf.md

title: Task 145
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-145
---

<!-- (Audio) Bob: I'll look into it. Could you also find out how much extra time they really need?  
Maria: Sure. I'll talk to the team and let you know what they say. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.  

# --questions--

## --text--

What does Bob want Maria to ask the team, and what does Maria promise to do?

## --answers--

Bob wants Maria to extend the deadline, and she agrees to do it.

### --feedback--

Bob does not ask Maria to extend the deadline herself.

---

Bob asks Maria if the client approved the deadline change, and she says she'll ask.

### --feedback--

Bob is asking Maria to talk to someone else, not the client.

---

Bob wants Maria to ask the team how much extra time they need, and she promises to update him.

---

Bob asks Maria to make the final decision, and she says she will.

### --feedback--

Maria does not say she will decide.

## --video-solution--

3  

# --explanation--

`Could you...` is a polite way to begin a request of something from someone. `I'll...` is used in the answer to imply a promise or commitment to do something. For example:

> - **Person A:** `Could you send me the report by tomorrow?` - Person A is asking for a report to be handed in on the following day.  
> 
> - **Person B:** `Sure. I'll email it to you in the morning.` - Person B promises to send the report via email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Person 1: `Could you send me the report by tomorrow?` - This person is asking for a report to be handed in on the following day.  

- Person 2: `Sure. I'll email it to you in the morning.` - This person promises to send the report via email.
```
